README.md, before:

# Metropedia - Metrology Web Tools

![Metropedia Banner](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlejoYela/metropedia/main/public/logocentrado.png)

Metropedia is a web application designed for metrology professionals, providing tools for significant figures calculation and measurement uncertainty analysis. It offers precise and efficient methods for handling numerical data in metrological applications.

## Features

* **Significant Figures Calculator**: Calculate significant figures in numerical data.
* **Measurement Uncertainty Tool**: Analyze measurement uncertainty using Type A and Type B methods.

## Technologies Used

<a href="https://astro.build/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlejoYela/metropedia/main/public/astroicon.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Astro" /></a> <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/tailwindcss-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Tailwind" /></a>

* **Astro**: The web framework for content-driven websites
* **Tailwind**: A utility-first CSS framework packed with classes like flex, pt-4, text-center and rotate-90 that can be composed to build any design, directly in your markup.

## Installation and Usage

To start using Metropedia, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
https://github.com/AlejoYela/metropedia.git
```

2. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

3. Sstart the project

```bash
bun run dev
```


## Screenshots

![screenshot1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlejoYela/metropedia/main/public/screenshots/1.png)
![screenshot1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlejoYela/metropedia/main/public/screenshots/2.png)
![screenshot1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlejoYela/metropedia/main/public/screenshots/3.png)
![screenshot1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlejoYela/metropedia/main/public/screenshots/4.png)
![screenshot1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlejoYela/metropedia/main/public/screenshots/5.png)

## Sources and Credits

- [Fontsource](https://fontsource.org/)
- [Tabler icons](https://tabler.io/icons)

## Thank you for viewing!
Don't forget to leave your star ⭐ on the repository if you found it helpful or useful.

Commit message:

Add: Netlify status on README.md

README.md, after:

# Metropedia - Metrology Web Tools

![Metropedia Banner](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlejoYela/metropedia/main/public/logocentrado.png)

Metropedia is a web application designed for metrology professionals, providing tools for significant figures calculation and measurement uncertainty analysis. It offers precise and efficient methods for handling numerical data in metrological applications.

## Features

* **Significant Figures Calculator**: Calculate significant figures in numerical data.
* **Measurement Uncertainty Tool**: Analyze measurement uncertainty using Type A and Type B methods.

## Technologies Used

<a href="https://astro.build/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlejoYela/metropedia/main/public/astroicon.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Astro" /></a> <a href="https://tailwindcss.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/danielcranney/readme-generator/main/public/icons/skills/tailwindcss-colored.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="Tailwind" /></a>

* **Astro**: The web framework for content-driven websites
* **Tailwind**: A utility-first CSS framework packed with classes like flex, pt-4, text-center and rotate-90 that can be composed to build any design, directly in your markup.

## Installation and Usage

To start using Metropedia, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
https://github.com/AlejoYela/metropedia.git
```

2. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

3. Sstart the project

```bash
bun run dev
```


## Screenshots

![screenshot1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlejoYela/metropedia/main/public/screenshots/1.png)
![screenshot1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlejoYela/metropedia/main/public/screenshots/2.png)
![screenshot1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlejoYela/metropedia/main/public/screenshots/3.png)
![screenshot1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlejoYela/metropedia/main/public/screenshots/4.png)
![screenshot1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlejoYela/metropedia/main/public/screenshots/5.png)

## Deploy status on Netlify:
The portfolio is deployed on Netlify. Current status:

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/f2cd2dcf-de8c-45fc-bc87-6171071d81d6/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/metropedia/deploys)

## Sources and Credits

- [Fontsource](https://fontsource.org/)
- [Tabler icons](https://tabler.io/icons)

## Thank you for viewing!
Don't forget to leave your star ⭐ on the repository if you found it helpful or useful.
